Add Request timeout configuration field (#138)
elasticio/rest-api-component: README.md

The `Call Count` value by default is 1. If you want to use another value, please set the `Call Count` field. 
Notice: See [Known Limitations](#known-limitations) about `Delay` value.
7. ``Call Count`` - the field should be used only in pair with `Delay`, default to 1.

> 7. ``Request timeout`` - Timeout period in milliseconds while component waiting for server response, also can be configured with REQUEST_TIMEOUT envar. Default to 100000 (100 sec).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. ``Request timeout`` - Timeout period in milliseconds while component waiting for server response, also can be configured with REQUEST_TIMEOUT environment variable. Default to 100000 (100 sec).
```

> 8. ``Request timeout`` - Timeout period in milliseconds while component waiting for server response, also can be configured with REQUEST_TIMEOUT environment variable. Default to 100000 (100 sec).

Author: ```suggestion
8. ``Request timeout`` - Timeout period in milliseconds while component waiting for server response, also can be configured with REQUEST_TIMEOUT environment variable. Defaults to 100000 (100 sec).
```
